# Fixes
* [wpmlcore-7756] Fixed disappearing WPML links when editing the menu.
* [wpmlcore-7748] Fixed variable type in phpdoc.
* [wpmlcore-7703] Fixed a custom XML config validation issue expecting a TEXTAREA instead of AREA.
* [wpmlcore-7695] Fixed updating media duplication options for posts without attachments.
* [wpmlcore-7692] Fixed the problem with missing slash char at the end of REST url.
* [wpmlcore-7684] Making WPML_Absolute_Url_Persisted::__wakeup() public with throwing error.
* [wpmlcore-7683] Fixing warnings about final private methods to follow php 8 standards.
* [wpmlcore-7682] Fixed backward compatibility with php8 related to deprecated ReflectionParameter::getClass() method.
* [wpmlcore-7681] Removed optional values from arguments that were before required.
* [wpmlcore-7650] Fixed auto-translation of site links when using ATE.
* [wpmlcore-7649] Fixed woocommerce my-account links for Chinese language.
* [wpmlcore-7211] Fixed ingoring "Skip Language" setting on static posts page without translations.
* [wpmlcore-6798] Fixed problem with `wpml_permalink` showing the wrong permalink.
* [wpmlcore-6548] Fixed problem with removing custom field encoding setting via XML configuration.
* [wpmlcore-6357] Allow HTML when translating terms description.
* [wpmlcore-6355] Fixed problem saving translated term when its slug is the same as the original term.
* [wpmlcore-5686] Fixed problem with saving the widget language.

# Compatibility
* [wpmlcore-7738] Fixed a compatibility issue with Google Site Kit when switching the admin language.
* [wpmlcore-7719] Fixed missed Elementor revisions.
* [wpmlcore-7676] Added path support to translate fields in Elementor widget data.
* [wpmlcore-7672] Fixed an issue with Avada's Live editor not properly showing sections.
* [wpmlcore-7635] Fixed an issue ignoring line breaks in the translation editor.
* [wpmlcore-7482] Fixed Elementor "Posts" widget pagination when page translation settings is set to "Translatable - use translation if available or fallback to default language".
* [wpmlcore-7342] Fixed missed endpoint translation in specific case when two similar endpoints exist.
* [wpmlcore-7337] Extended the XML page builder config to support multiple `fields-in-item` occurrences.
* [wpmlcore-7215] Improve the way of how the cache is generated by using only the ID.
* [wpmlcore-6958] Fixed an issue with absolute link conversion when the URL contains a + sign.
* [wpmlcore-6597] Fixed the Cornerstone CSS styles that were not refreshed in the translation.

# Usability
* [wpmlcore-7349] Restored the "Duplicate" button for display as translated post types.